he authorized a civil ball
for ronicley enters the penalty area roni clei
as above the demand followed
by coverage
what is dangerous
will hit near the action the survey
audiovisual law
the crossing to thiago
with all the play of the André Baptista in the great area touched cruzado
the recent tension
igloo up for James gets his head hot
authorized
ronicley
on billing muricy
the total iob of influenza
noticed the notice of the auction
hit with a kick and hit
and another ten there
fry if you miss mateus risk
jokes portista gets with two men
already in the large area leading cross
rosemarie to pick up
trail
It's time to kick off.